#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile
#
attrs==20.2.0
    # via jsonschema
beautifulsoup4==4.9.1
    # via django-bootstrap4
bleach==3.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   libcove
    #   libcoveocds
boto3==1.16.58
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   smart-open
boto==2.49.0
    # via smart-open
botocore==1.19.58
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
cached-property==1.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   libcove
    #   libcoveocds
    #   libcoveweb
certifi==2020.12.5
    # via
    #   elasticsearch
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
chardet==3.0.4
    # via requests
commonmark==0.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   libcove
    #   libcoveocds
contextlib2==0.6.0.post1
    # via schema
csscompressor==0.9.5
    # via django-pipeline-csscompressor
dateparser==0.7.6
    # via -r requirements.in
dealer==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   libcoveweb
defusedxml==0.6.0
    # via odfpy
dj-database-url==0.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-bootstrap3==14.2.0
    # via libcoveweb
django-bootstrap4==2.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-debug-toolbar==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   libcoveweb
django-environ==0.4.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   libcoveweb
django-mathfilters==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-pgviews-redux==0.6.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-pipeline-csscompressor==0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-pipeline==1.6.14
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-pipeline-csscompressor
django-storages==1.9.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django==2.2.17
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-bootstrap3
    #   django-bootstrap4
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   django-storages
    #   libcove
    #   libcoveocds
    #   libcoveweb
elasticsearch-dsl==7.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
elasticsearch==7.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   elasticsearch-dsl
et-xmlfile==1.0.1
    # via openpyxl
faker==4.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
flattentool==0.15.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   libcove
    #   libcoveocds
idna==2.10
    # via requests
ijson==3.1.1
    # via ocdskit
importlib-metadata==1.7.0
    # via
    #   django-bootstrap3
    #   django-bootstrap4
    #   jsonschema
jdcal==1.4.1
    # via openpyxl
jmespath==0.10.0
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
json-merge-patch==0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   libcove
    #   libcoveocds
    #   libcoveweb
    #   ocdsextensionregistry
jsonpointer==2.0
    # via ocdskit
jsonref==0.2
    # via
    #   flattentool
    #   libcove
    #   libcoveocds
    #   libcoveweb
    #   ocdsextensionregistry
    #   ocdskit
    #   ocdsmerge
jsonschema==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   libcove
    #   libcoveocds
    #   libcoveweb
    #   ocdskit
lepl==5.1.3
    # via rfc6266
libcove==0.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   libcoveocds
    #   libcoveweb
libcoveocds==0.7.4
    # via -r requirements.in
libcoveweb==0.22.0
    # via -r requirements.in
libsass==0.12.3
    # via -r requirements.in
lxml==4.6.2
    # via flattentool
numpy==1.19.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
ocdsextensionregistry==0.0.22
    # via ocdskit
ocdskit==0.2.11
    # via -r requirements.in
ocdsmerge==0.6.4
    # via ocdskit
odfpy==1.4.1
    # via flattentool
openpyxl==2.6.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flattentool
packaging==20.4
    # via bleach
pandas==1.1.5
    # via -r requirements.in
psycopg2-binary==2.8.5
    # via -r requirements.in
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via packaging
pyrsistent==0.17.3
    # via jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   botocore
    #   dateparser
    #   elasticsearch-dsl
    #   faker
    #   libcoveweb
    #   pandas
pytz==2020.4
    # via
    #   dateparser
    #   django
    #   flattentool
    #   pandas
    #   tzlocal
rangedict==0.1.6
    # via -r requirements.in
regex==2020.7.14
    # via dateparser
requests-cache==0.5.2
    # via ocdsextensionregistry
requests==2.24.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   libcove
    #   libcoveocds
    #   libcoveweb
    #   ocdsextensionregistry
    #   ocdskit
    #   ocdsmerge
    #   requests-cache
    #   smart-open
rfc3987==1.3.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   libcove
    #   libcoveweb
    #   ocdskit
rfc6266==0.0.4
    # via -r requirements.in
s3transfer==0.3.3
    # via boto3
schema==0.7.2
    # via flattentool
sentry-sdk==0.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   libcoveweb
six==1.15.0
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   elasticsearch-dsl
    #   jsonschema
    #   libsass
    #   packaging
    #   python-dateutil
smart-open==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
soupsieve==2.0.1
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==1.3.18
    # via ocdskit
sqlparse==0.4.1
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-debug-toolbar
strict-rfc3339==0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   libcove
    #   libcoveweb
    #   ocdskit
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via faker
tzlocal==2.1
    # via dateparser
uc-rfc6266-parser==0.1.0
    # via libcoveweb
urllib3==1.25.11
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   elasticsearch
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
waitress==1.4.3
    # via -r requirements.in
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via bleach
werkzeug==1.0.1
    # via uc-rfc6266-parser
whitenoise==5.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
xmltodict==0.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flattentool
    #   libcoveweb
zipp==1.2.0
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   libcoveweb

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools